OSOE-392: Allowing new words in Spelling (#92)
Lombiq/GitHub-Actions: Docs/Workflows.md

You can provide these files in your own repository, under the path `.github/actions/spelling`. This can't be configured for another path.

> You can also use already existing configuration files by setting the `spell-check-this` parameter to another existing repository, where the files are found in the above mentioned path.
> This parameter is needed even if you want to update our dictionary, so changing just the workflow's branch from `dev` to your branch wont take any effect, you can leave it as it is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use already existing configuration files by setting the `spell-check-this` parameter to another existing repository, where the files are found in the above-mentioned path. This parameter is needed even if you want to update our dictionary in a custom branch of project consuming this workflow; changing just the workflow's branch from `dev` to your branch won't take any effect, you can leave it as it is.
```
